{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff17\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}
{\f117\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f118\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f120\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f121\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f122\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f129\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f130\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f132\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}
{\f133\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f134\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f213\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f214\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f216\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f217\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f218\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f219\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f220\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f222\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}
{\f223\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f224\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 header;}{\s16\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright 
\f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext19 HLP.Text;}{\s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 HLP.Title;}{\s21\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f16\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext21 Document Map;}{\s22\fi-360\li360\widctlpar
\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext22 Bullet;}{\*\cs23 \additive \cf13 \sbasedon10 HLP.Subst;}{\s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext24 
HLP.Code;}{\s25\qj\fi-360\li360\sb60\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon19 \snext25 HLP.Bullet;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid-1743378008\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23
\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \s25\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid418331771}{\list\listtemplateid470573762\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid865022451}{\list\listtemplateid-1796048092\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \s25\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid945163602}{\list\listtemplateid35267030\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0
\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1993022785}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid865022451\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid1993022785\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid418331771\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid945163602\listoverridecount0\ls4}}{\info{\author Vlad ROMASCANU}{\operator Vlad ROMASCANU}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo1\dy20\hr21\min44}{\revtim\yr2001\mo2\dy23\min17}{\version187}{\edmins258}{\nofpages15}{\nofwords1673}{\nofchars9541}{\*\company Home, inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd 
\sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #
{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_CONTENTS}}}{Contents
\par }\pard \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright {No contents is available here.  Please use the Contents button above.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files}}}{INI files
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {Configuration (INI) files store information in a specific format.  VDMSound\rquote 
s configuration component retrieves information from the INI file to use when loading and configuring emulation modules.
\par Examples of the type of data stored in an INI file include information on how to load a given emulation module from disk, what other modules a given module depends on, and what settings an emulation module should use.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_INTRO}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, introducing}}}{Introducing INI files
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {Before you run VDMSound, you will probably want to create a configuration (INI) file.
\par The INI file is made up of different sections.  Each section has a particular purpose\~\emdash  for example, to tell the SoundBlaster module that it should use certain settings (such as port
 220h, IRQ 7 and DMA channel 1).  Each line (or entry) in a section contributes to that section's purpose.
\par Each section type has a particular format.  VDMSound\rquote s configuration mechanism uses this format to retrieve information from the INI file related to 
loading, configuring and binding interdependent modules together.  This format is described in the following topics.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, sections}}}{INI sections
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {The INI file defines three types of sections that can be associ
ated with a given module.  When creating an INI file, you might not have to include every type of section for every module.  The sections you use will depend on the modules you are using in your particular configuration.
\par For every module, VDMSound recognizes the following types of sections:
\par }{\b Loader section:}{ This section tells VDMSound how to load the module from disk.  It is mandatory for every module.
\par }{\b Dependency section:}{ This section tells a module what other module(s) it can use in order to achieve its fun
ctionality.  For instance, the dependency section of the SoundBlaster module might tell it to use a GM/GS MIDI module for MIDI playback, or to share the MT-32\rquote s MIDI module instead.  This section is required by some modules, and ignored by others.

\par }{\b Configuration sections:}{ This section can be used by modules to store various other settings.  It is required by some modules, and ignored by others.
\par Sections can be easily recognized in an INI file.  Each section consists of pairs of strings, one pair per line, separated by the \lquote =\rquote 
 sign.  The left-hand side of such a pair is the key, or pair name, and the right-hand side is the actual value associated with the left-hand side.  During initialization, VDMSound will look up the key names, and try to obtain a correspon
ding value for each key.  Depending on the key names, these values will have different meanings and will be interpreted accordingly.
\par Sections are delimited by section headings.  A section heading is a string enclosed in square brackets [], alone on its own
 line of text in the INI file.  All key/value pairs following a section heading, up to the next section heading or end of file (whichever comes first) belong to that section heading.
\par Sample INI file:
\par }\pard\plain \s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid {[foo]\line key = value\tab ; this is a comment\line pi = 3.1416\tab ; comments start with a semi-colon\line name = Bill\tab ; comments are ignored\line \line [bar]\line name = Steve

\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {VDMSound uses a special format of the INI file, in which section headings must have a special format.
\par All sections that correspond to a given module must start with the same name.  This common prefix will be used to identify the module in error and diagnostic messages, as well as in dependency sections.
\par For instance, you might decide that you want to add a module that plays MIDI data from your emulated MPU-401 card.  You then decide to give your module a friendly name by which you\rquote 
ll know it inside your INI file.  This name can be whatever you want it to be as long as no other module referred to in your INI file has the same name.  Let\rquote s say that you\rquote ll settle for the simple name \ldblquote MIDI Player\rdblquote 
.  Then the three sections that you can define for this module will be called:
\par }\pard\plain \s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid {[MIDI Player]\tab \tab ; the LOADER section\line ; here will go key/value pairs relevant to\line ; loading the module from disk\line \line [MIDI Player.depends]\tab 
; the DEPENDENCY section\line ; here will go key/value pairs relevant to how\line ; this module may interact with other modules\line \line [MIDI Player.config]\tab ; the CONFIGURATION section\line ; here will go key/value pairs relevant to this\line 
; module alone, that can be used by this module in\line ; whichever way it may whish to
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_LOADER}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, the loader section}}}{INI sections: the loader section
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {In the loader section you put all the information needed to load a module from disk.
\par Emulation modules are Windows COM objects, and reside in .dll files.  You can register a COM object with the system in several ways.  The author of the emulation module might have provided an installation program that registers
 the COM object for you, or you might have to register it manually.
\par To manually register a COM object, open a command prompt, change directory to where the DLL file resides (and will reside throughout its useful life), and type \lquote regsvr32 }{\cs23\cf13 modulename}{\rquote , where }{\cs23\cf13 modulename}{
 is the DLL file name (e.g. for the file foobar.dll, }{\cs23\cf13 modulename}{
 will be foobar.dll).  Registering a COM object with the system will let any application load the COM object based on an unique identifier built into every COM object, without worrying about the actual location of the corresponding DLL file.
\par The unique identifier built into every COM DLL is called a Class ID, and is sometimes abbreviated as CLSID.  You need to provide VDMSound with this CLSID in order for VDMSound\rquote s loader to be able 
to load (instantiate) a given emulation module.  You do this in the INI  file, as follows:
\par }\pard\plain \s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid {\b [MIDI Player]\line CLSID = unique identifier
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {The author of the emulation module must provide you with the unique identifier, which you can then copy/paste into the INI file.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_DEPENDS}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, the dependency section}}}{INI sections: the dependency section
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {It is through the dependency section that you link modules together, like LEGO building blocks.
\par Emulation modules do not know about each other\rquote 
s existence unless you somehow tell them about each other.  An emulation module will usually have an idea of the type of other modules it can interact with, but it will not know which particular module(s) \emdash  out of all the modules you loaded by
 specifying corresponding loader sections in the INI file \emdash  to interact with.  A module will give you some specific slots, identified by specific names, into which you can plug other modules.  Each key in a key/value pair under a module\rquote 
s dependency section is such a slot, and each corresponding value is the name of the module to plug into that slot.
\par For instance, suppose I have MPU-401 emulation module that is loaded with my INI file.  By itself, this module is pretty useless; it will be detected by games and will show up in installation menus, but you won\rquote 
t be able to hear anything from it because all a MPU-401 does is to convert data between the bytes used by DOS programs and the information that travels across MIDI wires.  A MPU-401 module, in order to b
e useful, must be able to send the converted data to another module capable of actually playing it.  The MPU-401 module can then expose a slot, intuitively called MidiOut, into which it expects a module capable of playing MIDI music to be plugged.  You IN
I file will then look something like:
\par }\pard\plain \s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid {[MIDI Player]\line CLSID = MIDIDevice.MIDIOut\line \line ;\tab . . .\line \line [MPU401 Controller]\line CLSID = EmuMPU401.MPU401Ctl\line \line }{\b [MPU401 Controller.depends]
\line MidiOut = MIDI Player}{
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {Whenever the MPU-401 module will have MIDI data available for playback, it will know to send it to the emulation module listed as MidiOut under its dependency section.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_CONFIG}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, the configuration section}}}{INI sections: the configuration section
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {In the configuration section one can find all the information that can be used by a module to behave in a certain way and that the user (you) has control over.
\par Typical information that can be found in the configuration section of a module is:
\par Ports, IRQs, DMA channels: used by modules that directly interact with the DOS environment
\par Device identifiers, file names, etc.: used by modules that interact with the host OS (Windows)
\par 
\par Building on the previous examples, then, our small INI file would look something like:
\par }\pard\plain \s24\li288\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs18\cgrid {[MIDI Player]\line CLSID = MIDIDevice.MIDIOut\line \line }{\b [MIDI Player.config]\line device = 1\tab ; play through a real MT-32 instead of the internal synth\line }{\line ;\tab 
. . .\line \line [MPU401 Controller]\line CLSID = EmuMPU401.MPU401Ctl\line \line [MPU401 Controller.depends]\line MidiOut = MIDI Player\line \line }{\b [MPU401 Controller.config]\line port = 0x330\line IRQ = 2
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_NOT_INIT}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: Query object not properly initialized}}}{
Error: Query object not properly initialized
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The object used by emulation modules to gather configuration information was not properly initialized.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ This is an abnormal situation.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and try running VDMS again.  If the problem persists, try freeing up memory by closing some applications.  You might also want to restart Windows.
\par If you still get the same error, contact the author(s) with a detailed description of the circumstances in which the problem occurred, as well as with the complete error message.}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INISECTION}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: Could not find the INI section [module.depends] describing the dependencies of mo
dule 'module'}}}{Error: Could not find the INI section [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.depends] describing the dependencies of module '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{'
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access its dependencies, but no dependency information is available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ All emulation modules that rely on other modules (dependencies) to function need a dependency section.  This section links each module to its appropriate dependencies (see }{\uldb The dependency section}{\v HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_DEPENDS}{
).  However, the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  was not found in the INI file.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  If the section seems to exist, verify its spelling.  If the section does not exist, add it.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what entries to add under the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.depends] section.
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INIKEY}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{
 Error: Could not locate the dependency reference 'name' in either of the [module.depends] or [*.depends] INI sections (see location)}}}{Error: Could not locate the dependency reference '}{\cs23\cf13 name}{' in either of the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{
.depends] or [*.depends] INI sections (see }{\cs23\cf13 location}{)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access a dependency reference with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but no such label was declared.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ An entry with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  was not declared under either the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote , or under the global dependency section [*.depends].  See }{\uldb The dependency sectio}{
\uldb n.}{\v HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_DEPENDS}{
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Look under the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (found at the indicated location).  The entry labeled \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote 
 might be misspelled, or missing\~\emdash  correct the spelling, or add the entry.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what kind of other modules it expects under the reference \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote .
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INST}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: No instance of module 'dependency' is available.  Module 'dependency' (\lquote 
name\rquote ) is a dependency of 'module' (see location)}}}{Error: No instance of module '}{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{' is available.  Module '}{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{' (\lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote ) is a dependency of '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{' (see }{
\cs23\cf13 location}{)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has found a dependency reference with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but the dependency referred to was not available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ The module \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{\rquote  is not declared in the INI file, or it failed instantiation (see ~Error/instantiation error~).
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Find the declaration of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , under either the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (see location \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 
location}{\rquote ) or under the global dependency section [*.depends].  The module name assigned to the label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  might be misspelled.  Verify that the module \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{\rquote 
 is properly declared (see }{\uldb The }{\uldb loader }{\uldb section}{\v HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_}{\v LOADER}{).
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_CFG_INISECTION}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{
 Error: Could not find the INI section [module.config] describing the configuration of module 'module'}}}{Error: Could not find the INI section [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.config] describing the configuration of module '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{'
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access its configuration, but no configuration information is available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ This module needs a configuration section that lists the module\rquote s internal settings (see }{\uldb The }{\uldb configuration }{\uldb section}{\v HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_}{\v CONFIG}{).  However, the section was not found in the INI file.

\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  If the section seems to exist, verify its spelling.  If the section does not exist, add it.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what entries to add under the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.config] section.
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_CFG_INIKEY}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{
 Error: Could not locate the configuration property 'name' in either of the [module.config] or [*.config] INI sections (see location)}}}{Error: Could not locate the configuration property '}{\cs23\cf13 name}{' in either of the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{
.config] or [*.config] INI sections (see }{\cs23\cf13 location}{)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access a setting with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but no such label was declared.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ An entry with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  was not declared under either the configuration section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote , or under the global configuration section [*.config].  See }{\uldb The configuration 
sectio}{\uldb n.}{\v HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS_CONFIG}{
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Look under the configuration section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (found at the indicated location).  The entry \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  m
ight be misspelled, or missing\~\emdash  correct the spelling, or add the entry.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what kind of values it expects under the setting \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote .
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }{\page 
\par }}