{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff17\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}
{\f16\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f17\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f18\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f19\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f21\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f22\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f23\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f114\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f115\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}
{\f117\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f118\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f119\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f120\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f121\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}
{\f123\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f124\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f125\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\widctlpar\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 header;}{\s16\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4153\tqr\tx8306\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 footer;}{\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 footnote text;}{\*\cs18 \additive \super \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{
\s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext19 HLP.Text;}{\s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext20 HLP.Title;}{\s21\widctlpar\adjustright \cbpat9 \f16\fs18\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext21 Document Map;}{\s22\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext22 Bullet;}{\*\cs23 \additive \cf13 \sbasedon10 HLP.Subst;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid118359054\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \s22\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid418331771}
{\list\listtemplateid470573762\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid865022451}
{\list\listtemplateid35267030\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1993022785}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid865022451\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid1993022785\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid418331771\listoverridecount0\ls3}}{\info{\author Vlad ROMASCANU}{\operator Vlad ROMASCANU}
{\creatim\yr2001\mo1\dy20\hr21\min44}{\revtim\yr2001\mo1\dy23\hr18\min13}{\version149}{\edmins182}{\nofpages11}{\nofwords1010}{\nofchars5759}{\*\company Home, inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern113}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0
\sectd \sbknone\linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_CONTENTS}}}{Contents
\par <<contents goes here>>
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES}}${\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright 
\f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files}}}{INI files
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {Configuration (INI) files store information in a specific format.  VDMSound\rquote 
s configuration component retrieves information from the INI file to use when loading and configuring emulation modules.
\par Examples of the type of data stored in an INI file include information on how to load a given emulation module from disk, what other modules a given module depends on, and what settings an emulation module should use.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_INTRO}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, introducing}}}{Introducing INI files
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {Before you run VDMSound, you will probably want to create a configuration (INI) file.
\par The INI file is made up of different sections.  Each section has a particular purpose\~\emdash  for example, to tell the SoundBlaster module that it should use certain settings (such as port 220h, IRQ 7 a
nd DMA channel 1).  Each line (or entry) in a section contributes to that section's purpose.
\par Each section type has a particular format.  VDMSound\rquote s configuration mechanism uses this format to retrieve information from the INI file related to loading, confi
guring and binding interdependent modules together.  This format is described in the following topics.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_INI_FILES_SECTIONS}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ INI files}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ INI files, sections}}}{INI sections
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {The INI file defines up to three types of sections per module.  When you create an INI file, you do not necessarily have to include ever
y type of section for every module.  The sections you use will depend on the modules you are using in your particular configuration.
\par For every module, VDMSound recognizes the following types of sections:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s22 \f14\fs18\lang1033\cgrid \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard\plain \s22\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright 
\f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Loader section:}{ This section tells VDMSound how to load the module from disk.  It is mandatory for every module.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s22 \f14\fs18\lang1033\cgrid \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \s22\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b 
Dependency section:}{ This section tells a module what other module(s) it can use in order to achieve its functionality.  For instance, the dependency section of the SoundBlaster module might tell 
it to use a GM/GS MIDI module for MIDI playback, or to share the MT-32\rquote s MIDI module instead.  This section is required by some modules, and ignored by others.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\s22 \f14\fs18\lang1033\cgrid \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \s22\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright {\b 
Configuration sections:}{ This section can be used by modules to store various other settings.  It is required by some modules, and ignored by others.
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {
\par All sections that correspond to the same module must be prefixed by the same name.  This common prefix will be used to identify the module in error and diagnostic messages, as well as in dependency sections.
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_NOT_INIT}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: Query object not properly initialized}}}{
Error: Query object not properly initialized
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The object used by emulation modules to gather configuration information was not properly initialized.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ This is an abnormal situation.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules }{as well}{.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and try running VDMS again.  If the problem persists, try freeing up memory by closing some applications.  You might also want to restart Windows.
\par If you still get the same error, contact the author(s) with a detailed description of the circumstances in which the problem occurred, as well as with the complete error message.}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INISECTION}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{
 Error: Could not find the INI section [module.depends] describing the dependencies of module 'module'}}}{Error: Could not find the INI section [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.depends] describing the dependencies of module '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{'
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access its dependencies, but no dependency information is available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ All emulation modules that rely on other modules (dependencies) to function need a dependency section.  This section links each module to its appropriate dependencies (see ~INI/dependency section~).  However, the dependency section of 
\lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  was not found in the INI file.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules }{as well}{.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  If the section seems to exist, verify its spelling.  If the section does not exist, add it.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what entries to add under the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.depends] section.
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INIKEY}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: Could not locate the dependency reference 'name' in either of t
he [module.depends] or [*.depends] INI sections (see location)}}}{Error: Could not locate the dependency reference '}{\cs23\cf13 name}{' in either of the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.depends] or [*.depends] INI sections (see }{\cs23\cf13 location}{)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access a dependency reference with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but no such label was declared.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ An entry with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  was not declared under either the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote , or under the global dependency section [*.depends].  See ~INI/dependency section~.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules }{as well}{.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Look under the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (found at the indicated location).  The entry labeled \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote 
 might be misspelled, or missing\~\emdash  correct the spelling, or add the entry.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what kind of other modules it expects under the reference \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote .
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_DEP_INST}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: No instance of module 'dependency' is available.  Module 'dependency' (\lquote 
name\rquote ) is a dependency of 'module' (see location)}}}{Error: No instance of module '}{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{' is available.  Module '}{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{' (\lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote ) is a dependency of '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{' (see }{
\cs23\cf13 location}{)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has found a dependency reference with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but the dependency referred to was not available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ The module \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{\rquote  is not declared in the INI file, or it failed instantiation (see ~Error/instantiation error~).
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules }{as well}{.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Find the declaration of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , under either the dependency section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (see location \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 
location}{\rquote ) or under the global dependency section [*.depends].  The module name assigned to the label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  might be misspelled.  Verify that the module \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 dependency}{\rquote  is prope
rly declared (see ~INI/Loader section~).
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_CFG_INISECTION}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{
 Error: Could not find the INI section [module.config] describing the configuration of module 'module'}}}{Error: Could not find the INI section [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.config] describing the configuration of module '}{\cs23\cf13 module}{'
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access its configuration, but no configuration information is available.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ This module needs a configuration section that lists the module\rquote s internal settings (see ~INI/configuration section~).  However, the section was not found in the INI file.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  If the section seems to exist, verify its spelling.  If the section does not exist, add it.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what entries to add under the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.config] section.
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }\pard\plain \s20\sb120\sa120\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f17\fs18\cgrid {\page }{\cs18\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super #}{ HLP_ERR_QUERY_CFG_INIKEY}}${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super $}{ initialization errors}}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s17\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\cs18\super K}{ Error: Could not locate the configuration property 'name'
 in either of the [module.config] or [*.config] INI sections (see location)}}}{Error: Could not locate the configuration property '}{\cs23\cf13 name}{' in either of the [}{\cs23\cf13 module}{.config] or [*.config] INI sections (see }{\cs23\cf13 location}{
)
\par }\pard\plain \s19\qj\sb60\sa60\widctlpar\adjustright \f17\fs18\cgrid {\b Problem:}{ The emulation module has attempted to access a }{setting}{ with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote , but no such label was declared.
\par }{\b Cause:}{ An entry with label \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote  was not declared under either the configuration section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote 
, or under the global configuration section [*.config].  See ~INI/ configuration section~.
\par }{\b Result:}{ Modules during whose initialization this error occurred are left in an indeterminate state.  This can (indirectly) affect other modules as well.
\par }{\b Solution:}{ Choose not to continue when prompted, and edit the INI file.  Look under the configuration section of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  (found at the indicated location).  The entry \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote 
 might be misspelled, or missing\~\emdash  correct the spelling, or add the entry.
\par Consult the documentation of \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 module}{\rquote  for details on what kind of values it expects under the setting \lquote }{\cs23\cf13 name}{\rquote .
\par If the problem persists, contact the author(s).}{\b 
\par }{\page 
\par }}